​               I want to travel         --------   2021.08.07             

China has the world's third largest land area of 9.6 million square kilometers, accounting for about 1/15 of the world's total land area.
China has 34 provinces, 56 ethnic groups, and lots of foreign tourists and immigrants.
Each province has its own unique culture. When you travel around China, you can see different landscapes and cultures.

Tibet has the highest mountain in the world and the highest average altitude in the world. 
The Tibetan people are honest, trust nature and live in harmony with nature.
There are also many Buddhist temples with a long history and culture.
The sky is very blue and clear and  there are many holy lakes, very clean.

Shenzhen is a young fashionable modern city with advanced science and technology. 
A lot of young people go there to chase their dreams. There are lots of parks. 
Among them fairy lake botanical Garden and wutong Mountain park and coastal park is the most worth going to.

You can walk through the gate of Wutong Mountain to the Xianhu Botanical Garden, and then go out from the main gate to take the bus and subway home. The route, which can be more than 20 kilometers, has beautiful scenery and humid air, making it ideal for hiking.
Shenzhen Binhai Park contains 12 theme parks and stretches about 11 kilometers along the coast. Opposite is Hong Kong.

I also dreamed of driving a car, or riding a motorcycle, to   have a In-depth Travel of China  . 
But my parents are getting older and older, I need to take care of them, and I need to get married and have a family of my own. I need to make plans for my future.
Besides, traveling is expensive and I never have enough money to travel.
I need to work hard for my dreams



​	               

